README.md, before:

# StudioPortal

Name: Melissa Cheng
Project Title: Studio Portal
Project Stack: MERN
GitHub Repo Link: https://github.com/melissaAcheng/StudioPortal
Wireframe: https://www.figma.com/file/4JNKChGGN0lsGREBvKcVcr/Studio-Portal?node-id=0%3A1


Project Description: A portal for private music teachers to write lesson notes/homework per student. Students can then log in and view notes.

New Programming Concept(s) I'm Planning to Learn: 
Using YouTube API to add videos into the lesson notes

Week 1 Features (to show at Review during Week 2)
- Teacher and Student registration and login page with validations
- Protected routes (must be logged in to view pages)
- CRUD - Teachers can add students, assign lesson notes per student, edit and delete lesson notes
- Students can view lesson notes

Week 2 Features (to show at first office hour/lecture of Week 3)
- ***Finish CSS work (could be Bootstrap or another framework too instead of CSS)***
- Teacher can add videos in lesson notes
- In Teacher dashboard - Sort/filter all lesson notes by name, age, instrument, or status 
- Send email to have student register (through a contact form like EmailJS?)

Product Backlog (If I have more time after completing my MVP, I'll start to work on...)
- Student can add comments to lesson notes
- Practice log for students to keep track of when they practiced

Commit message:

embedded YouTube video in view notes

README.md, after:

# StudioPortal

Name: Melissa Cheng
Project Title: Studio Portal
Project Stack: MERN
GitHub Repo Link: https://github.com/melissaAcheng/StudioPortal


Project Description: A portal for private music teachers to write lesson notes/homework per student. Students can then log in and view notes.

New Programming Concept(s) I'm Planning to Learn: 
Creating Registration and Login in MERN
One-To-Many relationships using MongoDb and Mongoose

Week 1 Features (to show at Review during Week 2)
- Teacher and Student registration and login page with validations
- Protected routes (must be logged in to view pages)
- CRUD - Teachers can add students, assign lesson notes per student, edit and delete lesson notes
- Students can view lesson notes

Week 2 Features (to show at first office hour/lecture of Week 3)
- ***Finish CSS work (could be Bootstrap or another framework too instead of CSS)***
- Teacher can add videos in lesson notes

Product Backlog (If I have more time after completing my MVP, I'll start to work on...)
- Student can add comments to lesson notes
- Practice log for students to keep track of when they practiced
